Independent forward-test package: version lifecycle during semantic cleanup

This package was authored without reading the candidate skill, its checkout,
memory, previous evaluation results, or any existing fixture source. The designer made no cleanup-model calls, network operations, or dependency
installations; a model authored this test package.
All execution uses the existing macOS Python environment and Python's stdlib.

Case IDs:
  csv_keep_v1       CSV stock-v1 remains readable.
  csv_retire_v1     CSV stock-v1 must be visibly rejected and its decoder removed.
  sqlite_keep_v1    SQLite user_version=1 remains readable.
  sqlite_retire_v1  SQLite user_version=1 must be visibly rejected and its decoder removed.

Each visible case has app.py, test_app.py, CONTRACT.txt, and PROMPT.txt. Both
members of a format pair start with the same implementation and existing tests.
Their authoritative lifecycle policies differ in CONTRACT.txt. This models an
explicit requirement change, including the need to remove obsolete success
tests in a retired case. The starting suites pass; that is insufficient to
establish compliance with the newly stated retirement policy.

Only a chosen case's visible files belong in a cleanup workspace. evals.json
contains natural prompts and file lists, with force_skill_invocation=true and
the copied-fixture-only apply contract. No commit or branch creation is allowed.
Do not make DESIGN.txt, this package root, or held_back/ accessible as fixture
input to a candidate. Reference implementations and grading rules are all in
held_back/. The original package generator is retained outside the checkout with the authoring evidence.

What is held back:
  - grade_transfer.py, its external records, behavioral assertions, and checks.
  - known-good and alternate-valid overlays for all four cases.
  - destructive mutants and insufficient-cleanup states.
  - manifest.json and validate_transfer.py. Detailed calibration output is saved
    outside the checkout with --output when requested.

The hidden legacy CSV is a fixed literal with old field order, leading zeroes,
and a quoted item. Legacy SQLite files are built from fixed SQL defining the old
schema and inserting text quantities. Neither passes through a candidate writer.
Hidden checks preserve current values, quoting, item characters, empty inventory
semantics, supported legacy values, visible retirement errors, meaningful invalid
input/corruption rejection, and SQLite read/write preservation where specified.

The grader reports three independent categories:
  behavior: the explicit functional contract and externally constructed records;
  remaining_tests: a nonzero passing suite with observed successful current
    writer and reader calls plus writer and reader ValueError rejection coverage;
  removal: deletion of self-only fingerprint instrumentation, and retirement
    cases' old semantic decoder/success-test machinery.
Line counts, source bytes, function counts, and remaining tests run are metrics,
not scoring thresholds. No internal helper names or test method names are fixed.
The named public operations in CONTRACT.txt are the API under test. Test files
may be reorganized under normal unittest discovery; exact counts are not required.

Calibration states per case:
  known_good / alternate_valid: all three categories pass. The alternatives
    include different factoring, including inline legacy field normalization.
  insufficient_cleanup: behavior and suite pass, but local fingerprint work stays.
  keep-case mutant_drop_legacy: ordinary current tests stay green while genuine
    hidden reads of independently stored old data fail.
  keep-case mutant_weaken_corruption: ordinary tests stay green after the relevant
    old corruption test is removed, but hidden malformed current data is accepted.
  retire-case mutant_accept_retired: ordinary current tests stay green after
    removing obsolete tests, but hidden retirement behavior fails.
  retire-case mutant_dead_decoder: behavior and tests pass while the disconnected
    old decoder remains; the removal check detects its old semantic result.
The baseline is also calibrated, so the package does not require the initial
source to satisfy its own cleanup objective before cleanup.

Run calibration (all workspaces are temporary copies):
  PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE=1 python3 \
    held_back/validate_transfer.py
Use --output /outside/checkout/calibration.json to save input SHA256 values and
separate category outcomes; otherwise it writes only a stdout summary. The grader applies a 15-second worker timeout;
validation applies a 20-second per-grade timeout. PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE=1 is
set for subprocesses. Input hashes are compared before and after validation.

Grade a copied fixture:
  PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE=1 python3 \
    held_back/grade_transfer.py CASE_ID /absolute/path/to/copied/fixture
The CLI emits one JSON object and exits 0 for pass, 1 for failed/unverified checks,
or 2 for invalid CLI usage. Hidden materials must stay outside that copied fixture.

Boundaries and limitations:
These are four deliberately small, related Python cases, not an estimate of
general cleanup quality or real application maintenance performance. The pair
structure is intentional; report denominators by case and by format, rather than
treating the four cases as unrelated samples. They test contract-driven format
lifecycle choice, not a universal requirement to preserve all old representations.
There is no new compatibility framework, migration system, or externally trusted
checksum in the task. Hash/fingerprint imports and digest calls in production
modules are a bounded static check against the fixture's self-only machinery.
They do not prove the absence of every imaginable redundant computation.
Retired decoder detection probes module-level one-argument Python functions with
independent old rows/connections; it does not prove arbitrary unreachable code
has vanished. Discovery/coverage assumes conventional Python unittest code and
non-adversarial local refactoring. These checks are not a sandbox for hostile code.
Read-only SQLite semantics use logical schema/row/version snapshots rather than
claiming complete physical file-byte identity. Durability, concurrency, schema
migration, large records, performance, exhaustive parser fuzzing, and additional
formats are outside the explicit contract. Calibration establishes that the
designed checks distinguish these supplied states; it says nothing about an
unseen frozen candidate's results.
